Previously on Will Trent…
- Ava Green?
- It wasn't me. I promise.
I had nothing to do with this.
Well. that's too bad. I thought those
Deux Peches photos were pretty great.
- Um. thanks.
- This is exactly what I need.
All right. let's go. Whoa.
- I can't put you back in jail like this.
- So don't. then.
Can we talk about your scan?
Unfortunately. this dark area is a tumor.
- How's chemo?
- Well. my urine smells like gasoline.
Hold on a second.
Hey. are you okay? Dad.
Ava. I gotta be honest with you.
- I'm not ready to jump into something new.
- Bad breakup?
She's still around.
She might always be around.
It's never too late to decide you're ready
to jump into something new.
I'm Will. This is Betty.
It's Betty Maria White Trent.
I know you're only five pounds.
but you really feel like six.
I think she's self-conscious
about the cone.
Betty. you take care of Nico. okay?
You're gonna be all right.
Betty. Betty?
What is it. girl. huh?
Drop a little shoulder.
Should I. like. keep my chin down?
I think it's giving too much neck. Yeah?
Little growl.
Cool?
Hey. what's that?
Put that down. That's-That's not funny.
Look. I'm not kidding.
Move. Get… Get off of me! Stop!
Get a close-up of her chest.
She has three or four stab wounds.
- See?
- Mm-hmm.
But the first couple look shallow.
Like maybe they were hesitating...
First-timer. must be.
Hmm…
Will. where are you?
Oh. you know.
just trying to solve the mystery
of how to get to the damn crime scene.
Studio 4B. fourth floor.
Thank you. Amanda. So helpful.
I know it's on the fourth floor.
I'm on the fourth floor.
Will Trent?
- Ava.
- Hi.
Hi.
How long has it been?
Oh. uh… A long time.
You still have that suit.
- I've missed that suit.
- Oh. Yeah. I've. uh. missed you.
No. um. I mean. I forgot all about you.
- Well. thanks so much.
- No. I mean. I forgot this.
And now. here you are. um. which is…
Yeah. nice surprise.
- Are you here about Chloe?
- Yes.
- Um. Wow. word gets around fast.
- The whole building's talking about it.
- I work on six.
- Photography?
Actually. I'm doing the archives
for this building. Got a grant.
That's great.
- Congrats.
- Yeah. thanks.
So. you. uh… Did you know Chloe?
Not personally. but I had a couple
of friends who photographed her.
They all said she was really sweet.
It's so sad.
Call from Amanda.
- Amanda calling.
- Call from Amanda.
I should. um… Hey. uh. where is Studio 4B
in this labyrinth of torment?
Yes. it's down the hall.
The last one on the left.
It's not your fault.
The building is a nightmare. Is. um…
Is that a new phone?
Yes.
That's my number.
New contact: Ava.
In case you didn't have it or need it or…
whatever.
Bye. Will.
Bye.
This is so tragic.
and I'm not trying to be insensitive.
but if we could please try
and keep this out of the press.
We don't have any plans
to speak to the press. Ms. Talvesco.
Oh. Okay.
Because the rental market
right now is hell. and if they find out
- that there was a murder in the building...
- Mom. Mom. Mom. Just let her do her job.
Will. this is Ms. Valentina Talvesco.
She owns the building.
And her son. Alex.
who manages the studios.
Special Agent Will Trent.
Nice to meet you.
Uh. can you tell me
who's renting the unit now?
Oh. Nobody.
It's been vacant for three months.
So. the door was locked
and no one had access but you two?
We got scammed.
Someone emailed my mom's account
claiming to be Hans Kessler.
- He's a fashion photographer.
- He's an icon and an old friend.
I used to let him shoot here in the '80s.
So. what did the email say?
Said he needed a place for last minute.
so we left the door unlocked for him.
Did you give him the code
to the front door as well?
I haven't changed the code in 40 years.
Kessler's been in Venice for the past
month. Someone hacked his account.
We traced the login to a throwaway device
on public Wi-Fi. Dead end.
They also emailed Chloe
inviting her here for a shoot.
She was an up-and-coming model.
Probably thought this was her big break.
Hmm.
- Any signs of sexual assault?
- Not that I can see.
Why kill her here?
This place isn't private.
Is. uh… Was this black light?
Holy moly.
Yeah. so. she thought
she was meeting Kessler.
But instead. someone else showed up.
Three symmetrical voids.
There was a tripod here.
They were taking pictures of her.
She realized what was happening.
and then she tried to run.
Yeah. and they kept shooting.
Vintage film. hard to find.
This was a special occasion.
They didn't just want her dead.
They wanted a photo of her dying.
Never say "walk"
unless you mean it.
If your dog is as cute as Betty.
be ready to talk to everyone.
Oh. and if they look at you
while they poop. that's a sign of trust.
Don't look away
or you'll damage your bond.
Having a dog is a big responsibility.
Coop. You sure you're up for it?
Well. yeah. that's why I wanted
to hang out with Nico and Betty today.
For research.
Ah.
Great.
You guys go ahead. I'll catch up.
- Can I tell you a secret?
- I'm a steel trap!
Well. I don't really want a dog.
Look. Betty's cute and all.
but I'm much more of a cat person.
I just wanted to get my dad
out of the house.
The doctor said gentle exercise.
but if he can't lift weights.
then he acts like there's no point
in doing anything at all.
Betty and I are here any time your old man
needs a stroll. Undercover dog duty.
Betty. no. What did I say last time?
What's she barking at?
That's Viggo's house.
We hang out sometimes.
He gives Betty C-O-O-K-I-E-S.
the junky kind.
but Will gets upset when he smells them
on her breath.
Betty. No.
I dropped the leash.
What if I killed Betty?
Deep breath. We'll get her back.
There's a dog door around back
she goes through.
Viggo's the best.
Come on. it's not a problem.
Hi. um. sorry to bother you. but our dog
just ran through the dog door.
- If...
- I'll get.
Okay. great. I'll just wait here.
We haven't met. I'm Nico.
- You a friend of Viggo's?
- Niece.
Hey. there you are.
All right. Hey. thanks. you guys.
I really appreciate the help...
They seem nice.
That's weird.
Viggo never mentioned he had a niece.
He said he was an only child.
- Dad.
- Yeah?
- Dad. look. Betty's bleeding on her paw.
- What?
Let me see. It's okay. Betty.
I don't see any cuts. Her paws are fine.
I don't think it's her blood.
Guys… Guys. go around the corner.
I'll be right there.
The knife fits the profile
of the one used to kill her.
Yeah. but why take these photos
if you plan on doing it for real?
Practice?
Fetish?
Hey. um… Hi. Thanks for coming. Um…
- You remember my partner. Faith?
- Hi.
Ava. hi.
So. this is the expert you mentioned.
I'd hardly call myself an expert.
Oh. Ava's a photographer. if you remember.
Oh. I do remember. Mmm.
So. these are the photographs.
We found them
when we searched Chloe's apartment.
but we have no way to find out
who took them.
Thought you might be able to help us out.
- Crispin Ratner.
- That was quick.
All his work is the same.
Naked women covered in fluid.
Is he single?
He's part
of the Indie Sleaze revival scene.
You know. dude photographers
passing off their sex fetishes as art.
He was big a while back.
but he barely works now.
- Why's that?
- He was assaulting models for years.
Finally. someone said something.
He used to have a studio in the building
where Chloe was killed.
I remember Valentina mentioning it.
He'd know the code to the front door.
He'd know everything about that place.
Do you know any reason
why he would wanna hurt Chloe?
Yeah. He hated her.
She's the one who Me Too'ed him.
See? See that expression?
She never makes that face.
So. you think Betty was traumatized
by what she saw at the house?
And you're cosigning this?
The blood on her fur was human.
She may have witnessed violence.
Yeah. Or someone had a nosebleed
or cut themselves shaving.
and that's just before breakfast.
Why is there a dog here?
What are you doing?
Nothing. You want something from
the vending machine? I'll get it for you.
- Move.
- This is my office.
No one gave you permission
to build this weird fort. Move.
You know. homicide in Atlanta is down 35%.
Maybe it's time we think about some cuts.
I already have all my paperwork
turned in. okay?
I'm just pursuing a personal project.
Oh. What is this? This is not Snickers.
Snickers is D4.
I hate it here.
I hate you.
And I hate this room-temperature pickle.
Angie. please. don't make me beg.
Fine. I'll check it out. Coffee's on you.
This is a perfectly good pickle.
From the trash.
So?
GBI!
We're looking for Crispin Ratner.
He's soaking.
In the tub.
- You don't mind if we come in. do you?
- It's not a good time.
Crispin Ratner! GBI!
Did our boy go out the window?
If he did. he's long gone.
Sir. settle down.
Sir. we're placing you in custody.
Get your hands off me.
Is this fun for you? Huh?
- Yeah.
- You're doing great. partner.
- This is sexual assault.
- You do it.
Fine.
- Hands behind your back. Stay still.
- Get off.
Be careful with that.
It's worth more than your salary.
You have a thing for blades?
Because of the Polaroids?
I already told you. the knife was plastic.
It's called art.
His alibi cleared.
Sorority party in the west end.
Girls said he was trying to hit on them.
Trying? They loved it.
Thanks a lot for that.
Can you take the cuffs off? I can't have
this cheese ruin another kimono.
Okay. sir. can you please close your legs?
Look. you might not have killed Chloe…
…but we still have you on drug possession.
evading arrest.
assaulting a GBI agent.
and indecent exposure.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
Close your legs.
Think I'm holding anything back?
Look. if I had anything. I'd tell you.
- Where'd you get this film?
- EBay. Cost me a fortune.
Some rich freak hired me
for a shoot. Super expensive.
He insisted I use his vintage camera.
Was really specific about the film stock.
Name.
Gideon Barnell.
Art collector over in Ansley Park.
What kind of pictures you take for him?
Roadkill. other weird crap.
Guy's obsessed with dead stuff.
He has an art salon at his house
every month. I think one's coming up.
You should go talk to him.
Copy that. Thanks for the update.
Judge won't give us a warrant.
Says there's no probable cause.
- That's BS. Which judge?
- Dude…
I know desk duty can be frustrating.
If you're getting restless.
let's just figure something out.
- Polaski. you know me. okay?
- Let's...
How long we been doing this?
Something's off in there.
Without PC. all we can do is knock again.
Then we knock again.
Okay.
Mr. Shaw. Hi. I'm Michael Ormewood
with the APD. This is my partner. Angie.
We're friends of your neighbor. Nico's.
What's going on?
Uh. it's just a wellness check.
Nico hadn't seen you in a few days.
What happened to your cheek?
My cheek?
Oh. uh… Nothing. I-I fell.
Uh. look. I-I was in the middle
of making lunch. so if that is all. I...
There was a couple here earlier.
Friends. They're gone.
So. that's not their car?
That's mine. It's new.
The lady said she was your niece.
Like a niece. not blood.
Is there something wrong?
I'm confused by all your questions.
We just want to make sure you're safe.
That's very nice. I'm fine.
Okay. that was weird.
"Put a rush on it. bitch."
- Hey.
Hey. GBI is gonna do a rush
background check on old man Viggo for us.
Really? Since when are they nice to us?
I told them Trent was
on the investigation.
so it should be here in a minute or two.
- What are you hoping to find?
- Whatever gets us through the door.
Oh. crap.
- What?
- Coop's got a book report due tomorrow.
I told her I'd help.
and I forgot to read the book.
Oh. CliffsNotes. That still a thing?
No. she'd know.
Kid's got a built-in BS detector.
Yeah.
You good?
Feels like I suck at everything lately.
Yeah. I can't do the job.
Too tired to be a parent. I'm just…
Aw. Sounds like you need
to cut yourself some slack.
- Yeah.
- Max and Cooper don't care.
They'll take you any way they can
get you. They just want to hang out.
That's really nice for you to say that.
but it's a load of crap.
They deserve a dad
who can keep his eyes open.
and you deserve a partner
who can hold his own.
Have you seen me lately?
I'm a beach ball with hands.
That's why I got to be the guy.
Don't do that. That's dumb.
Come on. you're going through something.
Everyone understands that.
Yeah.
Oh.
Here it is. Okay. Nothing on Viggo.
Guy's a ghost. No record. no socials.
not even a parking ticket.
That's… That's cool.
All right.
Bright and early. I'm picking you up.
- and we'll go sit on his house.
- Stakeout? Seriously?
You dragged me into this thing. we're not
just dropping it now. Come on. you in?
I'm in.
Okay.
Ever seen Psycho?
It just blinked. Did you see that?
Hugo. Jasmine. this is Gideon.
Hugo and Jasmine Balas.
They're visiting from Miami.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thank you for having us.
Hugo used to have a gallery in Savannah.
but he left because he doesn't think
Georgia has an art scene.
and I'm trying to make my case.
I have to say I'm almost convinced.
But you haven't even seen the latest.
Follow me.
You are a natural.
Thank you for getting us in here.
by the way.
Gideon always invites me. I never show.
He gives me the creeps.
Well. I guess I better stay close.
you know. to keep you safe.
Have you ever watched something die.
Mr. Balas?
There comes a moment
when the soul slips free of a body.
When all ego. all performance falls away.
Ugh…
To capture such a moment.
what a challenge.
But to do so is to reveal the nothing
beneath the thing.
Enjoy.
He's a good time.
Please tell me he didn't kill that deer
just to get the shot.
I heard a rumor he'd pay 500k
to get one of a person dying.
600 if she's pretty.
I wouldn't put it past Barnell.
I mean. with money like that.
he could get away with murder.
Why are people
so weird and gross?
Poor girl died
because of some rich person's fetish.
- Hmm.
- So let's say your theory is right.
and he wanted to add a photo
of Chloe dying to his collection.
Who would he hire to do this?
Well. my guess is he hired a photographer
who needed the money
and was desperate enough to kill for it.
I got that list of buyers
from the eBay seller.
He sold a roll
of HAJEK KD-25 three weeks ago.
Anonymous username. shipped to a P.O. box.
Guess who it was registered to.
Ms. Talvesco.
we need to speak to your son.
Um. Alex isn't home.
Can I help you with something?
Ma'am. we have a warrant
to search the place.
A warrant? For my place?
- Alex Talvesco. it's GBI.
- Is this…
Alex?
This must be some kind of a mistake.
Can you please tell me what is going on?
- He's not here.
- Please stay back.
- Ms. Talvesco. where's your son?
- I don't know.
You want to tell me what
you're looking for? Maybe I can help you.
Faith.
Oh. my God.
What is that?
Mom?
Oh.
You stay here.
Alex Talvesco. you're under arrest.
Put your hands where I can see them.
- Keep them up. Easy.
- Okay.
- Alex. just listen to them.
I-I was just trying to help my mom.
I know. all right?
- We just want to talk. okay?
- Okay. Okay.
Alex. listen to Mom.
- Baby. listen to Mom.
- Mom.
- Alex. it's all okay.
- I'm sorry.
You didn't do anything wrong. honey.
Mom. I messed up.
- I messed up.
- Alex. listen to my voice.
- Hands behind your back. Easy. Okay?
- Okay.
Good.
Alex! No!
No! No! No! No!
No! No! No!
What'd I miss?
- You're good. Nothing happened.
- Oh. geez.
Sorry. I can't seem to stay awake
for more than 43 minutes.
- Wow. new record.
- You wanna go home and take a rest?
Please. I feel useless enough as it is.
Hey. be nice to my partner.
Betty. zip it. Stakeout. remember?
Hey. Hey. we got a hit
on those NYC plates.
That car is registered
to one Toni Kumbaro.
Why does that name sound familiar?
- You making a mess back there?
- No. no. I'm fine. I promise. I promise.
Holy crap.
Toni Kumbaro and his wife Albana
just failed to appear
at a racketeering trial in New York.
Alleged members
of Albanian Organized Crime.
- Is that who you saw?
- Yes. those were the ones at the door.
Betty! Betty! Betty.
- Betty! Betty!
- Betty!
Betty!
Nico!
Oh. God. what if they're hurting her?
What if they're dognappers?
- Is that a thing? Dognapping?
- That's definitely a thing.
- That's it. I'm going in.
- No. you're not going anywhere.
Okay. Failure To Appear warrant
in New York. that's our probable cause.
We're going in. You're staying.
APD!
Betty! Betty. go to Nico.
- Put the weapon down now!
- Hey!
I tied them up.
I didn't know what else to do.
They came here to kill me.
- Sir. put the weapon down. Put it down.
- Please. Please. I…
- Oh. crap. You got this?
- Yeah.
Stop!
Suspect's now heading southbound
on Tillman toward Boone.
Say again. Suspect is what?
What the hell?
- Suspect's now fleeing on bike.
- Copy that. Suspect is on a motorcycle.
No. No. No. No. not a motorcycle.
A bike. a child's bike. Pink bike.
- I didn't do nothing.
- Stay… Stay down.
Hey. mister. You okay?
You don't look so good.
Found the knife.
It was hidden in the AC vent.
Still had traces of blood on it.
I gave it to forensics
to check for prints.
Okay.
How's she holding up?
Not good.
The medics had to give her a sedative.
I was right there.
Will. there was nothing more
you could have done.
That thing Alex said
about trying to help his mom…
I talked to her about that.
She was worried about the mortgage.
He told her not to worry.
He said he'd take care of her.
She thought that meant a second job.
Found the rest of the negatives
from the shoot.
I want to get these printed
just to cross our t's and dot our I's.
I'll stay here.
Rescue 22 to County.
be advised we're 10 out to your location.
Come in.
Oh. hi.
I was. uh. wondering if you might be able
to help me with something.
I heard about Alex. I'm so… It's horrible.
Yeah. Yeah. It is.
May I hug you?
Was that weird?
No. No.
I have these negatives.
You think you could print something?
GBI doesn't have a lab
for this sort of thing?
Oh. Figured this would be faster.
I see.
Okay.
Now what?
Developer.
- What?
- Just…
- Leave it there. Bing.
- Okay.
Okay. Yeah?
- Really?
- Yes. really.
Thank you.
Faith is calling.
No.
- Faith is calling.
- Mmm…
Faith is calling.
- Can it wait?
- Forensics just called.
There were two sets of prints found
on the knife.
One of them belonged to Alex.
the other one's not in our system.
Where's Ms. Talvesco?
In the bedroom. She went to lie down.
Ms. Talvesco?
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
There was someone else there.
What was that?
Stay here.
Will! Help!
Ms. Talvesco. Put down the gun.
I want the negatives.
- They're in my pocket.
- Prove it.
Okay.
I'm reaching in slow.
See?
Alex said he destroyed the negatives.
- He told you what you wanted to hear.
- Don't talk about my son.
He's dead because of you.
- You killed him.
- Will.
Ms. Talvesco. I know you're hurting.
And I want to help. but I can't.
Not until you put down the gun.
Gordon Parks shot here.
Annie Leibovitz.
Did you know they were trying
to turn these into condominiums?
You were fighting for something
that matters. right?
Alex… Alex was supposed to take care
of her himself. but he got scared.
I've always had to clean up
all of his messes.
Let's just talk this through. okay?
There's nothing left to say.
Got her. I got her.
Get up! Get up.
Get up.
Valentina Talvesco. you are under arrest
for the murder of Chloe Benbrooke.
Hey. you okay?
Yeah.
Well. there he is!
Hey!
Come on.
Viggo's with the FBI. Witness protection.
- Wow.
- Yeah. it's a win.
Does come with a fair amount of paperwork.
Not thrilled about that. but. you know…
He was the getaway driver
for the Bijtë e Hijes crime family.
Moved to Atlanta to start over.
but they tracked him down.
Yeah. you saved his life.
It was a team effort.
- That's why Betty has a badge.
- Yeah?
Hey. grab a chair. lunch is on me.
Actually. I was gonna… I was gonna ask
if I could take the rest of the day.
I promised Cooper burgers and Zootopia.
Yeah. go on. enjoy.
- Thanks. Cap.
- Yeah.
Hello?
Dad. you got 'em?
- We got 'em.
- Yes!
Hey. do you know Judy.
the bunny from Zootopia?
Yeah.
Well. do you know
that she has 275 siblings?
Sheesh! Imagine trying
to share a bathroom with them.
I'd move out.
Dad?
Barnell's lawyer is already making calls.
With accessory to murder.
that's gonna be hard to avoid.
- Nico. what are you doing here?
- I got a date. Can you watch Betty?
- Why didn't you just leave her at home?
- I was. um. in the area.
- Hmm. Nico.
- Food's in her bag.
She already ate.
so don't let her tell you any different.
Wait. What are you up to? Hey.
Come here. girl. It's okay.
They're up to something. aren't they?
Yes. they are.
but I'm so happy to see you.
Hey. What's that on your collar?
Why does your breath smell like cookies?
Hey. Nico. what did you give Betty?
Did you give her cookies?
And why's my dog wearing a b...
Oh. Um.
Sorry. I was…
I was just. uh… Never mind. Um…
Well. who's this?
- This is Betty.
- Hi. Betty.
Maria White Trent.
- Oh.
- Mmm.
I just came by to thank you again
for saving my life.
Oh. I should be the one thanking you
for all your help.
I had fun. Your job is much
more interesting than mine.
Well…
I have something for you.
When did you take this?
When you weren't looking.
I didn't know anyone saw me like this.
I do.
I guess we should probably talk
about what happened.
Do we have to?
I'm in therapy.
and I'm a complete mess right now.
Will. we don't have to do this.
- We don't?
- I'm going to New York for a few weeks.
I'll text you when I get back.
If you're free. if you feel like it.
maybe we can do it again.
That sounds great.
I had fun. Will. I like you.
Not everything has to be so serious.
Note to self: